This is a file for collating all our assessment one information

Patricks Team Profile section:
Name: Patrick Wright
Student Email Address: s3628730@student.rmit.edu.au
My background: Originally I am from Hobart, Tasmania and I moved to Melbourne in 2014. I come from a commercial fishing family that specialized in Abalone and Crayfish, which outside of school took up most of my time and allowed me to have some wonderful experiences I will never forget.
My passion: My interest in Information Technology lies mainly in the field of software engineering, I am excited about the future possibilities of artificial intelligence and I am eager to take a path through university that will lead me to hopefully one day working in this area.
My strong points and interests: My strong points from a soft skills perspective lie in project management, leadership, organisation and communication. I have developed these over the last few years as a team leader in a professional services firm. I am interested in furthering developing my technical abilities across the board, with a focus on programming. 
My challenges: The biggest challenges for me in this project is being a team leader in an environment im not used to, and adjusting to the range of different personalities in our group, to bring the best team outcome possible. The biggest challenge I am setting myself this semester is taking a part in the coding of the application itself, this is something I have no knowledge of currently and I intend to push my limits to achieve the goal of completing this project.
My contribution: I will contribute my leadership and administration abilities to ensure a high standard of communication through the use of meeting agendas, minutes, action items and keeping in touch with all group members personally to help manage expectations and workflow. I will contribute my skills in UI/UX to help get us to a working prototype stage. I will also contribute programming skills to help provide the finished product at the end.

