----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Communication Expectations (5 marks)
It constitutes an agreement between all team members for the communication expectations and responsibilities.
This will reduce team member’s mismatched understandings and expectations.
In particular:
● List the tools you will use to communicate
● Describe the expected frequency of responses
● Describe how you use the tools in the context of the weekly workflow.
● Include a description of an action-plan for all team members if a team does not respond to communication sent out by the team, or doesn’t attend meetings. If you are stuck, immediately consult your Mentor or Lecturer for further action.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

“The communication expectations of this team are as follows:
1. Acknowledgement of receipt of all work-related requests is to be given within 24 hours. This can be as simple as saying 'I acknowledge, I have seen this' or 'okay'
2. Any urgent requests will Endeavor to be actioned within 24 hours, however as a group we understand sometimes this is not possible, and then it can be handled by another team member or pushed back a further 24 hours.
3. Any administration requests (topics for agenda, hours worked, etc) will be actioned within 48 hours.
4. Every team member is expected to at least briefly check Trello on a daily basis.
Accepted group communication mediums include: Canvas groups, Trello cards, or student email.” -Trello agreement

The Tools used for communication among “The Average Avengers” for communication are as follows
•	Canvas groups- regular updates and requests will be posted this is the 1st line of contact as it is convenient to all members.
•	Trello- Daily updates are made to members task lists so they are expected to check regularly and maintain work load.
•	Email- direct urgent actions for individual matters will be posted here if Facebook messages are not responded to or acknowledged within 24 hours.

Regarding Canvas groups, responses are expected within 24 hours in terms of recognising the action required. Members are given notice of task a minimum of 72 hours’ (3 days) time before it is due averaging about a weeks’ notice allowing enough time for completion. If person finds an issue in finishing the task in time they are expected to let the team know so we can make arrangement to finish task. Canvas will also hold the groups calendar so important dates can be found there. 
Trello is updated frequently and is expected to be checked by all members daily. If updates are made on trello you will see updates on face book at least once a week. To prevent a rush of work, members can stay informed of their work and the team’s efficacy through trello.
Our student emails are used for direct contact and for urgent matters. If face book messages are not responded to or anything deemed urgent. Members whom seem to be falling behind are not keeping up work load will be contacted here.

The weekly workflow will see trello updated daily for individuals’ tasks and decisions, form this Canvas groups will be updated with a status report at least once a week and direct tasks can be handed out here or any questions. Student emails will be used when members don’t seem to be making contact or urgent contact needs to be made. To ensure all members are up to date a meeting will be held in person, weekly for an update, questions and urgent matters to be discussed.

The action plan if members fail to make contact within 24 hours, is a second message sent and an email. They will also be told of their tasks at the meeting to ensure they know what is going on. If member does not attend they will get daily emails for a week or until responding. If by the following meeting the member has still not responded or made contact, the group will contact the lecture or mentor for assistance.
