Context Scenario - Charles Thompson

Charles just finished his first semester of his Master degree and is already feeling overwhelmed by everything that is going on in life right now, as well as having missed 2 assessments almost causing him to fail two of his units. Working full time and having a family  to take care of, Charles quite often forgets about or neglects his studies as he feels like his work and family are a higher priority. One day Charles was out for coffee with one of his classmates Ken, who is also a mature aged student who has returned study for a change in career, and Charles was telling Ken about how he almost failed the semester because he kept forgetting about his assessments, and that it is making it hard for him to be able to make time for his family. Ken told Charles he was also having that problem at the beginning of the year but was able to get back on top and keep on top of his studies through the use of a new student life application called “Pocket Uni” that could help him keep track of his student life so he could then focus more on his personal life. Ken explained that with the Pocket Uni application he was able to set up regular notifications that would remind him of open assessments and assessment dates so he would never forget about them. Charles was impressed by the idea of this application and downloaded it that afternoon. 
Now, half way through semester two Charles has been able to complete all his assessments on-time and stress-free, and has been able to schedule time to spend with his family thanks to the Pocket Uni application.

Context Scenario - Lin Wei

Lin arrived in Melbourne just 5 days ago and today is her first day of classes at RMIT University. Lin looked at her timetable to find out where her classroom was but was completely baffled by the format and ended up missing her first class. Lin was a proud student and hated having to ask others for help. Her first week of University did not go well as she was late to a lot of her classes and missed some classes as the class had a room change at the last minute, this made her stressed and upset. The next week Lin still had troubles finding her classroom and she finally gave in and asked someone for help finding her classroom and they took her there, although late. Lin quickly took a seat next to another student and made her first friend Yukiko, who was also an international student from Japan, also in her first year of the Master of Science program. Lin told Yukiko about her first week and how she is worried about her studies as she is getting very stressed already. Yukiko explained that room changes were not uncommon, and then showed Lin the “Pocket Uni” application her friend had recommended she download to help her organise her student life in Australia, She showed Lin that after setting up her timetable in the Timetable feature of the application she could then open up the Campus Map feature to see where her relevant classrooms were and how to get there, as well as search for classrooms incase of a sudden room change. Lin loved staying organised and downloaded the Pocket Uni application immediately and through the use of the Campus map feature she was not only able to very easily find her classrooms from then on, but she was also able to set up regular study times, personal revision sessions and so on.

Context Scenario - Stacey Young

Stacey is always very busy University, whether it be with her own studies, or with the classes she tutors. As there are quite a few last year students who are tutoring they often ask her to fill in for them when they have important assessments coming up and need the time to study or prepare for them. Stacey loves tutoring the CSIT students so she is always happy to take extra classes, unfortunately because Stacey is generally quite unorganised she often forgets the extra classes she takes, arrives late or underprepared, and in some cases double books a class leaving a class with no tutor. Student surveys always find that although Stacey is a very good and popular tutor for the program, students wish she was more organised for the classes. Having received this feedback consistently, the head tutor suggests that Stacey download the Pocket Uni application in order to be able to stay organised as both a student and a tutor. After downloading the application and setting up her timetable and assessments, Stacey now no longer needed to rely on remembering when and where she has classes and can now open her timetable or calendar in an instant, and  create, duplicate and move classes easily while on the move, out, or when asked to take on extra classes, as well as see when she can’t fill in for another tutor due to a class clash. Student feedback for Stacey have also improved dramatically.
