1.	Communication
Description: The communication function is designed to make it easier for students to communicate with their classmates, group members and other peers. This feature is designed so students can send messages to other students on the application iondividually, or to send messages to a group(i.e. an assignment group, club group etc.) We are thinking to first implement the communication feature as an emailing system to start off with, 
and if time allows we would like to create a chat feature so students can chat live with their peers.
Validation test: This function should allow students to send and receive messages/emails, so a validation test would be making sure a message sent to a group of people sends with all the correct content, with the correct formatting, and everyone it was addressed to receives it. Other validation could be the time taken to send or receive a message.
2.	Calendar
Description: The calendar feature will support "daily", "weekly" and "monthly" viewing, the calendar will also show an overview of added assessments, exams, group meeting etc. for the semester with their due dates, making it convenient for students to see all important dates for their studies. Important dates can be input directly into the calendar by the student, but also assessments input into the "assessments" feature by the student will automatically be input into the calendar feature. 
Validation test: Important dates being visible in the calendar overview, and confirming important dates added to the "assessment" feature are accurately imported into the calendar feature will validate whether the calendar has been succesfully implemented.
3.	Assessments
Description: The assessments function is a convenient way for students to add and store all their assessment titles, assessment details, due dates, tasks and assignment progress all in one space to make it easy to keep track of all assessments throughout the semester. These assessment information input into this feature by the student will be automatically imported in and shown in calendar feauture too. Students can also use the assessment feature set up and customize notifications or reminders for assessment dates.
Validation test: Students should be able to add, edit, and update assessment details whenever they wish to or need to, some validation tests could be: 1. Information input by the student can be found and edited easily 2. Making sure notifications work properly. 3. Making sure only valid information can be inpput(assessment due times must be between 0:00-23:59 etc.)
4.	Timetable
Description: The timetable feature will generally hold information about students' weekly classes(with the building, floor, and room) and meetups(group assignments etc.). Students will be required to enter the information required, as well as the number of weeks the class or meetup will continue.
Validation test: As this feature will be designed to hold the information of weekly classes and meetups, making sure the timetable of each class and meetup is duplicated weekly for the specified number of weeks can be used to validate the implementation of this feature.
5.	Maps
Description: The map feature is designed to present the student with a map of the university campus whenever they need it. On first use of this feature the student will be prompted to specify the campus they are currently studying at.(Ideas to allow multiple campuses, and also highlight the buildings students have classes in)
Validation test: Once the user has specified an instution the map feature should present the student with the approppriate campus map every time.
6.	News
Description: (Future development idea)The news feature will depend on the institution. Students can select a sepcific institution (RMIT, Melbourne Uni…) to view view news of specified institution.
Validation test: This test will focus on if the app will show the correct institution’s news, i.e. If a student specifies Melbourne University as their current institute of study they should receive news from Melbourne University.
7.	Upcoming activities
Description: (Future development idea)Upcoming activities function will depend on the student specified institution. Students can select institution (RMIT, Melbourne Uni…) to view their activities.
Validation test: This test will focus on if the app will shows the correct institution’s activities, i.e. If a student specifies Melbourne University as their current institute of study they should receive activities from Melbourne University.
8.	Notification
Description: The notifications feature is used to notify students of assessment/task due dates, as well as friendly reminders that there are currently open assessments. Students will be able to set up as many notifications as they feel necessary to stay on track with their assessments.
Validation test: Some validation tests could be: 1. Information input by the student can be found and edited easily 2. Making sure notifications work properly, and for when they are set with no delays. 3. Making sure only valid information can be inpput(assessment due times must be between 0:00-23:59 etc.)

