Justified Workloads
All our tasks each week are setup as individual cards on Trello. Each card is allocated to a person, and graded with a estimated time for completion. This time includes consultation with the group as required, as well as research time and writing time. At the end of each week an excel document will be uploaded with actual time spent by each person, and what tasks they worked on.
So far in our project each individual has met the time requirements or came close to meeting the time requirements for week 3 (outside class and lecture viewing time), this includes our group collaborative working time outside of class for some members. 
Weeks 1 and 2 were spent forming the group and deciding on an project idea, this time was not tracked, but it was minimal.

Beyond Current Capabilities
Patrick: My current knowledge stems from the unit User-Centred Design, I have had minimal experience with developing a class guided concept from inception to very basic prototype. This project will extend my knowledge because we plan to take the prototype further by coding the app for android. This will also be a challenge because our concept is unguided and we will need to figure out each step of the process on our own, and make our own mistakes and triumphs. This project is also a lot more complex than previous projects of a similar nature i have been a part of.
Brendan: My current capabilities is a basic knowledge of catering for user experience and UI design from  studying UCD, very basic programming and web design skills, and Introduction to IT provided me with some experience working in a team on an IT project. As this kind of project is still relatively new to me, and will require some programming and UI/UX design, every step will help further my current knowledge for this project, improving my ability to program, UI and UX design, and in communication and leadership skills.
Xinyi: My current knowledge is some basic UI/UX design skill from the semester 1 UCD course, basic programming and design skills which will be quite useful for this project. During this semester, our project will require us to develop our intended app so it will require more UI/UX and programming skills, so these will give me more experience and improve my knowlege and ability.This project is also a group work, so from this I can also improve my commuinication and collaboration skills which will help me work better in a group.
Tya: My current Knowledge of it is fairly limited with 1 semester of programming (java), basic computing, User centred design and 1 year of basic html Knowledge. Over the course of developing the app I hope to further my skills in UCD and the programming languages around apps, I also hope to further my communications skills and collaborative skills as they are always helpful in what ever field you are in. I plan ultimately to learn new things through my success and failures.
Jungmin: My current knowledge as a first-year undergraduate student at RMIT studying Information Technology I do not have any professional qualifications or experience in the workforce. However, during high school I was able to acquire basic and fundamental programming skills in Python and Java that were educated through the subjects I studied. Moreover, having a close relationship with my uncle who was employed in an IT company enabled me to be exposed in such IT environment. 
Through the development and hopefully the completion of this project I personally hope to grasp a better understanding of the real-world progress in building an application including the steps and procedures required. Moreover, I wish to gain experience and improve overall my team work skills by collaborating together with different members in accomplishing various goal. Furthermore, I also hope to incorporate the knowledges I have learnt from the subject user-centred design in creating a useable and accessible applications for the targeted users which through practice and implementation I will be able to further extend my knowledge.
George: My current knowledge comes from what I mostly learned in User-Centered Design, the project work that we did in that class helps me understand a lot of the concepts that are used in this project. A lot of my knowledge is involved in the design aspect of the application, being able to sketchup quick mockups, creating and designing wireframes to be used. Completion of this project will help me understand more of how project are spread out time wise and how companies and groups aim to complete projects and the way they do it, helping me in the future for if I do project work in the future.

Project Risks
Data collation, if we don’t ‘scrub’ the user responses correctly, we could risk building an app that doesn’t serve the purpose it was created for.
 - We will monitor this by ensuring cross checking our individuals opinions on the data across the group, to come to the most likely to be accurate consenus we can.
Taking on too much at once. We need to be careful of not overloading the app with too many features.
 - We have decided already to stick to 3-5 main features, and grow our extended features list. If we complete our initial design we can do further using testing to determine the usability of further features.
Project Timeframe, it is a significant risk that we won’t be able to complete the project within the given timeframe.
 - With great communication and leadership we will do the best we can to complete as much as we can in the given timeframe. Our weekly meetings and standups within the team will give us a good tracking indicator.

Team-Dynamic Challenges
A lack of previous coding experience and wanting to code the entire app could cause significant delays for us.
 - Pre select a couple of coders for the project, and allocate x-hours each week for them to focus on learning the craft.
Collecting enough meaningful user data and quickly. The longer it takes to collect this data, the longer it will take us to begin building the prototype.
 - Get our user survey organised as quickly as possible (it is in draft as of 5/8/2018) and get it out into the world to start collecting data, through a number of mediums.
Keeping everybody on the same page in terms of design decisions. There will be a lot of design to be done by everyone, and we need to ensure everybody has the same goals in mind, or we could waste time building components of the app that don’t work together, or are designed in a different way.
 - Our weekly catch ups and standups will be a perfect way to combat this issue. We also develop an agenda and minutes, which can be referred to at any point to clear up confusion.
