-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Team (10 marks) List your team using the following information: 
1. Full Names (as per RMIT course registration (please avoid assumed/nicknames)
2. Student Email Address 
3. Your personal background and passion in IT (a few sentences) 
4. Your strong points or current ability and what you’re interested in 
5. Your challenges in the context of the project 
6. The specific types of tasks you see yourself contributing to the team? 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Member Name: Brendan Grinbergs
Student Email: s3194946@student.rmit.edu.au
Personal background: I was born and raised in Melbourne, Australia, and have lived in Melbourne my whole life. I speak fluent English, and I obtained certificate 5(Advanced) in Korean language from Sejong University, Korea. I am also a registered gemologist and my hobbies include playing games, learning new skills, watching movies and listening to music. I am currently a first year Bachelor of IT student at RMIT University.
My passion in IT mostly lies in programming, specifically games programming, and since coming to study at RMIT I have found an interest in web programming also.
My strong points would be communication, and I have a bit of experience with design and graphic design.
Challenges: Not having any real experience in the IT industry, most of this project will be a challenge. Particularly learning how to code an application such as this. Also working with a  group of people you do not know is always a challenge at first.
I see myself contributing to all facets of this project, as either it being something im confident with, or something I’m interested in learning or improving on. Specifically the coding of the application, UI and UX design.

Member Name: Patrick Wright
Student Email: s3628730@student.rmit.edu.au
My background: Originally I am from Hobart, Tasmania and I moved to Melbourne in 2014. I come from a commercial fishing family that specialized in Abalone and Crayfish, which outside of school took up most of my time and allowed me to have some wonderful experiences I will never forget.
My passion: My interest in Information Technology lies mainly in the field of software engineering, I am excited about the future possibilities of artificial intelligence and I am eager to take a path through university that will lead me to hopefully one day working in this area.
My strong points and interests: My strong points from a soft skills perspective lie in project management, leadership, organisation and communication. I have developed these over the last few years as a team leader in a professional services firm. I am interested in furthering developing my technical abilities across the board, with a focus on programming. 
My challenges: The biggest challenges for me in this project is being a team leader in an environment im not used to, and adjusting to the range of different personalities in our group, to bring the best team outcome possible. The biggest challenge I am setting myself this semester is taking a part in the coding of the application itself, this is something I have no knowledge of currently and I intend to push my limits to achieve the goal of completing this project.
My contribution: I will contribute my leadership and administration abilities to ensure a high standard of communication through the use of meeting agendas, minutes, action items and keeping in touch with all group members personally to help manage expectations and workflow. I will contribute my skills in UI/UX to help get us to a working prototype stage. I will also contribute programming skills to help provide the finished product at the end.

Member Name: Tya Jeram
Student Email: s3721559@student.rmit.edu.au
Born and raised in Melbourne, my intrests include Trampolining, drumming and solving twisty puzzels. Having a limited Background in IT studying it in year 9, learning a lot about HTML and creating simple websites, I chose to study a Bachelor of Information Technology as it seemed interesting and a way of expressing creativity.
 Having studied User Centred Design last semester, I am educated in the correct layout of applications for enhanced user Experiences. My Interests in IT lay around web programming and design having studied it previously, it allows creativity and is something new for each site you create.
 Some challenges I face for our project “Pocket uni” app are possible programming failures as I have limited programming experience. Another challenges I may face are keeping up to date on work as it was a challenge last semester and my inspiration for joining this group to create an app to help organise uni life.
 The specific tack I see myself contributing to in the team is the App design and user centred design I hope to contribute to the different abilities of the app and making is run smoothly.     


Member Name: Xinyi Lei
Student Email:s3713942@student.rmit.edu.au
Background: I was born and raised in China. I came to Melbourne in 2016 and I am in my fisrt year of university at RMIT. In my spare time I like playing games like LOL(League of Legends) and various ps4 games. I also like watching movies and reading comics, my favorite comics are JOJO and one piece. Passion in IT: My interest in IT started in middle school, because I was surprised by the things programming codes could build and I decided I want to be a software developer or a web designer. 
Strong point: I think my strong point is that I am always very happy to learn new things and new face challenges. My abilities: I have only studied Intro to programming so I am not very good in the programming part, but I’ve learned some photoshop skills and in UCD I learned how to use proto.io so I can do some basic UI/UX work. 
Challenges: In this project, I think I will mostly do the UI/UX part so the challenge might be to build an app model that is easy to use but still contains lots of functions.
Contribution: I will contribute my UI/UX skill to build the model as well as any other part that I can help.

Member Name: Jungmin Ha
Student Email: s3718887@student.rmit.edu.au
In the modern society today, we are surrounded by various intuitive machines and amazing technology that hold so much influence in our lives. For me personally, I have always been intrigued about computer and how people are able to use and manipulate this machine in producing extravagant outcomes and findings that have made such a big difference in how we function and operate in our daily lives.  My interest in IT started from when I was in high school after attending various programming classes provided by the school. I was introduced into basic programming and the concept that I could create an idea or imagination in my head to a practical application really inspired me to further deepen my study in IT and in the future have a job in this field where I can contribute to the expansion of modern technology. Furthermore, watching science fiction movies fascinated my interest in the creative technology we may see in the near future. 
I see myself as an individual with great persistence and determination to get things done on time. Moreover, I am great with handling my time and always staying on top of set due dates and work requirements. To date, I am currently interested in the specialty area of data science.
The current challenges I see in the development of our project is time, in order to be able to create a prototype and hopefully a fully functional mobile application we will be pushed for time hence, time management will be a vital factor we as a team will have to overcome in completing the project.
In this project, the roles and responsibilities that I wish to take on board are coming up with ideas and designing the graphical parts of the application.
