
Trello: Trello is a task collaboration management software that allows users to organise their work in a single platform so that everyone who is registered can assess and inspect each other’s gradual progress and development in accomplishing the set goals. 
We are using Trello as our main project progress checking platform to assign each respective member with certain tasks and to communicate with the tutor regarding our assignment. It is also used to clearly highlight due dates for task and as reminders for upcoming workload. Moreover, it is used to record all ideas discussed in group discussions and meeting. 
Canvas: The RMIT canvas is an online system that enables all students to find all relevant information involving their course, announcement and content including lectures and assessments. The canvas is used to check the course subject matters especially with assignment related details. 
Discussion Board: A discussion board is an open online source where students can further explore, research and undertake study to gain further insight into their subject whilst able to put up queries and get direct responses from various members involved in the board. When the lecturer or tutor uploads information regarding course information, by accessing the discussion board we can be notified of the change or update and work on from there.
Google drive: google drive is a cloud storage service that allows people to store files and information online that can be shared or kept confidential to oneself. Google drive is mainly extensively used to upload pictures, videos, documents and files, etc.
Github : GitHub is a Git repository hosting service that allows users to upload and store codes, files and texts in a variety of different programming languages whilst being able to keeps track of the various changes made to the project. It also allows users to share and view other users’ repositories when granted permission. We as a group are using the GitHub to store our individual workload in a text file so that any project worked on can be easily accessed and tracked to ensure everyone is working towards the right goal and direction.
Facebook Messenger: Facebook Messenger is a messenger application used for instant messaging, sharing moments including pictures and videos. It is also extensively used for the purpose of group communication where members are able to alert each other important information and share details. We are currently using facebook as our main informal mode of communication so that any course related questions or notices can be quickly responded to or delivered so that no one misses out and everyone is informed. 
Prototyping: We have not yet decided but we are thinking of using either proto.io or invision for the prototypping of our application
Eclipse: As we are all currently learning to program in Java we are thinking about using eclipse for the programming side

We are currently not using the alternative applications such as discord and bit bucket because we thought that using the school supported service such as GitHub would be more appropriate in doing our work and especially when troubles or issues arise regarding the service, getting support would be more accessible and convenient. We chose to use facebook messenger instead of discord primarily because not everyone had a discord account where in contrast all members of the group member had facebook account. Hence, we came to a decision to opt for the facebook messenger as it was also frequently accessed by the group and preferred too.

Alternative :
•	 https://bitbucket.org/
•	 https://discordapp.com/ 
